Update hello-errors-during-pin-creation.md (#10839)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-errors-during-pin-creation.md

| 0x801C044D | Authorization token does not contain device ID.                    | Unjoin the device from Azure AD and rejoin. |
|            | Unable to obtain user token.                                       | Sign out and then sign in again. Check network and credentials. |
| 0x801C044E | Failed to receive user credentials input.                          | Sign out and then sign in again. |

> | 0xC00000BB | Your PIN or this option is temporarily unavailable.| The destination domain controller doesn't support the login method. Most often the KDC service doesn't have the proper certificate to support the login. Use a different login method.  Another common issue is caused by clients inability to verify the KDC certificate CRL|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 0xC00000BB | Your PIN or this option is temporarily unavailable.| The destination domain controller doesn't support the login method. Most often the KDC service doesn't have the proper certificate to support the login. Another common cause is the client's inability to verify the KDC certificate CRL. Use a different login method.|
```
